Guide Development (#19)
projectawakening/builder-examples: item-seller/readme.md

## Introduction
This guide will walk you through the process of building contracts for the item seller, deploying them into an existing world running in Docker, and testing their functionality by executing scripts. The contracts will be used with a SSU (Smart Storage Unit) to act as a item seller where players can purchase items, for example lenses for ERC20 Tokens.

> ### User Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User Flow
```

> #### Step 0: User buys an item

Reviewer: Can we start the step 0 when we start with the instructions ? Here in this section we can just write about the user Flow ?

Author: Good point. Have sorted.

Reviewer: It will be nice to include a diagram too. Nice to have not priority

> The item seller will recieve the ERC20 token and authorize the transaction if the player has paid enough.

Reviewer: This section can be refactored a bit like 

```
### user flow 

The item seller is a Smart Storage Unit(SSU) which can accept ERC20 tokens and transfer items to the players. 

The SSU (the item seller in this case) maintains two types of inventories:

Inventory: This is the storage space that belongs to the SSU owner.
Ephemeral Inventory: A temporary storage area for players interacting with the SSU. Players can deposit and withdraw items from the SSU via the ephemeral inventory.

When an ERC20 token is transferred by the player, the item seller SSU transfers items from the owner's inventory to the player’s ephemeral inventory. Players can then withdraw these items to their ship's hangar.
```

Author: Have refactored.

## Introduction
This guide will walk you through the process of building contracts for the item seller, deploying them into an existing world running in Docker, and testing their functionality by executing scripts.

> The Item Seller allows players to purchase items with ERC20 Tokens.

Reviewer: Can we add more details here please ? 
eg: A SSU in game can act like a itemSeller with ...
What happens inside a item seller. We should explain the concept of inventory , ephemeral inventory and details about it

Author: Added more explanation, and a step by step on how it works.

#ERC20 TOKEN ADDRESS COPIED FROM ITEM SELLER DEPLOYMENT
ERC20_TOKEN_ADDRESS=

#DONT NEED TO CHANGE IF YOUR RUNNING LOCALLY
SSU_ID=
```

You can adjust the remaining values in the .env file as needed, though they are optional.

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Changing optional environment values</summary>

#### Setting item, price and payment address

> You can set the item you want to sell, the address that recieves payments and the price in Wei. 10^18 wei is equal to one Ether.

Reviewer: can we give some examples here 
say : 1 lens is 5 token then the value is : 5 * 10^18 
10 lens is 5 tokens then the value is : 5 * 10 ^ 17

Author: Have done.

#ERC20 TOKEN ADDRESS COPIED FROM ITEM SELLER DEPLOYMENT
ERC20_TOKEN_ADDRESS=

#DONT NEED TO CHANGE IF YOUR RUNNING LOCALLY
SSU_ID=
```

You can adjust the remaining values in the .env file as needed, though they are optional.

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Changing optional environment values</summary>

### Setting item, price and payment address

> You can set the item you want to sell, the address that recieves payments and the price in Wei. 10^18 wei is equal to one Ether. For example, if one lens is 5 Tokens then the price is 5 * 10^18. This means that the default price is set to 0.5 Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the item you want to sell, the address that recieves payments and the price in Wei. 10^18 wei is equal to one Ether. For example, 
1. if one lens is 5 Tokens then the price is 5 * 10^18.  
2. If 5 lenses cost 1 Token then the price is 2 * 10^17 
The default is 500000000000000000 which is 2 lens per token
```
